After you learn the
structure of the input data,
I will talk more about the
motivation for the following
videos.
Up to here, there
are two problems
if we want to estimate
the posterior directly.
The first one is the localizer
must process on each cycle
a lot of data.
The second is the amount of
data increases over time.
This won't work for
real time localizer,
which should run with at least
10 hertz in our [INAUDIBLE].
In the following, I will present
a mathematical proof showing
that we can change this
so our localizer, first,
only needs to handle a
few bytes on each update,
and handles the same
amount of data per update
regardless of drive time.
So let's start with an overview
of what we want to achieve.